Include Jira status changes in CONTRIBUTING.md (#5343)
otwcode/otwarchive: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Workflow

1. If you're a new contributor, start with an [issue reserved for first timers](https://otwarchive.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=13119). Otherwise, or if you're up for a challenge, choose any [open and unassigned issue](https://otwarchive.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10800) available. (If you're a new contributor, don't worry about claiming the issue for now. If you make a Jira account, you'll get permissions for claiming issues in step 5.)

> 2. Write code to address the issue. If you have access to our Jira board, be sure to set the issue status to ["In Progress"](https://github.com/otwcode/otwarchive/wiki/Issue-Tracking-with-Jira#status-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Write code to address the issue. If you already have Jira permissions, be sure to set the issue status to ["In Progress"](https://github.com/otwcode/otwarchive/wiki/Issue-Tracking-with-Jira#status-guide).
```
Something like this would be better, we don't really call it "Jira board" and I want to be clear of permissions (granted after first PR) vs access (can be understood as being able to access issues at all)

3. Optional: Create a Jira account if you'd like the ability to comment on, assign, and transition issues. Please make sure the Full Name on your Jira account either closely matches the name you'd like us to credit in the release notes or includes it in parentheses, e.g. "Nickname (CREDIT NAME)."
4. Submit the code with a pull request following the checklist on [our template](https://github.com/otwcode/otwarchive/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
5. Once you've submitted a pull request, we'll review your code and give you permissions on Jira. (Please be patient with us! Due to our workload, it may take some time before we can review and eventually merge your pull request.)

> 6. Check that the issue status has been updated to ["In Review"](https://github.com/otwcode/otwarchive/wiki/Issue-Tracking-with-Jira#status-guide) on Jira.

Reviewer: I'd leave this out, since it should happen automatically. So it will be confusing to have this step here both if you don't have permissions yet, or if it already got set automatically (so if you followed step 2)
